what's good YouTube I just got this in
the mail I got beat up
what see oh my god uh-huh
pumping up your what's good YouTube
I just got my air filter in the mouth
shout-out to sob nation on ebay i
purchase that from him who came with the
heat shield and the air filter into AEM
air filter brute force getting the other
part the straight pipe to go through
there i cleanse it on and yeah we're
going to do it before and after with the
stock air filter and then go to the cone
alright you guys enjoy all right this is
put the stock air filter
a few are
that's what the stock air filter right
you hold like that before
hold the holders all right all right
this is after Daniel filter installed in
the heat shield let's hear how it sounds
the gun your mark that a lot of my
dropping
that's crazy do it again
at nuts hello I want to hear this
oh my
that's crazy
hey guard so we made some minor
modifications to the arm the heat shield
here we put some some of this on the top
you know the store trail without the gap
let's get move out the sharp Keene metal
on top and then here it was rubbing
against some of the air conditioning
line so put some foam there and yeah
it's giving a nice seal okay right here
it's actually hitting that I think I'm
going to cut away this with my grill so
I'll just get some clearance so it
doesn't hit that and it's hitting this
right here - it's really dark but in
this I'm not liking that so I cut that
off
you can hear it and hear it blowing out
that's it guys
it came out pretty good it sounds great
a few modifications I have to do so it
fits better I think I'm just looking to
cut off that one side or bend it sawed
off it's better it's not hitting those
and making contact with those are things
air conditioning pipes and stuff and
whatnot so that's the end of the video
we take us for a spin thank you I'll see
you guys later